applications: nrf_desktop: Add HID reportq documentation (#18354)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

nRF Desktop
-----------

> * Added handling of :c:struct:`hid_report_subscriber_event` to :ref:`nrf_desktop_hid_forward`.

Reviewer: Remove the changelog entry from this PR and add it as a comment to Divya's https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/18192.

Author: Added comment. As soon as it's applied, I will remove release notes from this PR.

>   Handling the :c:struct:`hid_report_subscriber_event` allows to take into account the maximum number of reports with different ID, which can be processed by the subscriber (:c:member:`hid_report_subscriber_event.params.report_max`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Handling the :c:struct:`hid_report_subscriber_event` allows to take into account the maximum number of reports with different ID, which can be processed by the subscriber (:c:member:`hid_report_subscriber_event.params.report_max`).
```

:c:member:`hid_report_subscriber_event.params.report_max` don't like  to API docs. Should this be :c:member:`hid_report_subscriber_event.report_max` ?

Author: Looking at the struct declaration it should be `:c:member:hid_report_subscriber_event.params.report_max`

Author: Anyway, doxygen seems to "flatten" the struct. Let's try without `params` then

> * Added :ref:`nrf_desktop_hid_reportq`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added :ref:`nrf_desktop_hid_reportq` page.
```

Author: Whole module implementation was added since NCS 2.7

Reviewer: Maybe section instead of page then.

Author: Sections also refers to documentation only. I want to inform that we added a brand new module here.

Author: We already used similar approach in the past. See https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-2.4.0.html#nrf_desktop for an example

  The utility can be used by an application module to simplify enqueuing HID input reports received from connected HID peripherals before providing them to HID subscriber.
* Integrated :ref:`nrf_desktop_hid_reportq` in :ref:`nrf_desktop_hid_forward`.
  The HID report queue utility is used to locally enqueue reports at the source to prevent HID report drops.

>   The :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_HID_REPORTQ_MAX_ENQUEUED_REPORTS <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option needs to be used instead of ``CONFIG_DESKTOP_HID_FORWARD_MAX_ENQUEUED_REPORTS`` Kconfig option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use the :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_HID_REPORTQ_MAX_ENQUEUED_REPORTS <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option instead of ``CONFIG_DESKTOP_HID_FORWARD_MAX_ENQUEUED_REPORTS``.
```
